How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It got you directly to the area where the issue was instead of searching through all the code. You were easily able to see what had been added and what had been deleted in order to fix the issue. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It allows you to see previous mistakes and how they were fixed, which could enable you to more easily fix those mistakes in the futures, or determine the soloution you used in the past won't work now. Its kinda like showing your work in math class. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pro is you get flexibility in how you want your file saved. 
    The con is you have to remember to save your file. 
    

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git recognizes it may be important to save files together. 
    Therefore, they allow it. I would assume other systems treat
    each file separately because their system simply can't allow 
    multiple files to be saved together. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    you can use git log to see the entire history of a set of files. 
    Git diff is used so that you can see all the individual differences between commits
    which make up the entire history of the file. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    It would make me alot more confident. I could have the peace of mind knowing
    if I did make a mistake I could easily find what the mistake is and if 
    necessary revert to a previous version of the file. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I want to try using Git to start the mini-project in Lesson 5. 